README.md, before:

# youtubedownloader
some notes:

1.This program is highly dependent on your internet speed and the high or low internet speed is effective during the full video download time.

2.If your country is under sanctions or YouTube is filtered in your country, to use this program, you must change the IP of your system ((use VPN or transit embargo))

3.After giving the video link to the program, it will load in the graphic version of the program. Please do not close the program until you have downloaded the full video.

4.After downloading the video is saved in the directory where the program is located. For example, if the program is on the desktop screen, the video will be placed on your desktop after downloading.((This includes both command and graphic versions of the program))

5-Please email me your feedback from this app: shahriaarrr@gmail.com

6-Finally, I hope you use this program properly and enjoy working with it 😉

Thanks to:

1.Special thanks to Amir Hossein for his good advice🙏 (We made the graphic background app orange for him😉)

2.Also, my dear friend Matin, for his good education and help that he gave me🙏

Commit message:

README updated (installing requirements and running)

README.md, after:

# youtubedownloader
some notes:

1.This program is highly dependent on your internet speed and the high or low internet speed is effective during the full video download time.

2.If your country is under sanctions or YouTube is filtered in your country, to use this program, you must change the IP of your system ((use VPN or transit embargo))

3.First of all, go to src folder and install requirements by `pip3 install -r requirements.txt` then run the Cli version by `python3 CLIApp.py` or graphical version by `python3 GraphicalApp.py`

4.After giving the video link to the program, it will load in the graphic version of the program. Please do not close the program until you have downloaded the full video.

5.After downloading the video is saved in the directory where the program is located. For example, if the program is on the desktop screen, the video will be placed on your desktop after downloading.((This includes both command and graphic versions of the program))

6-Please email me your feedback from this app: shahriaarrr@gmail.com

7-Finally, I hope you use this program properly and enjoy working with it 😉

Thanks to:

1.Special thanks to Amir Hossein for his good advice🙏 (We made the graphic background app orange for him😉)

2.Also, my dear friend Matin, for his good education and help that he gave me🙏
